In our study, we employed computational instances based on those developed by Ruiz and St ̈utzle, which
are designed for the basic flowshop scheduling problem. To align these instances with the specific
requisites of our research, modifications are made to the due dates and the setup times between
identical jobs

The processing times were generated from a uniform distribution in the range of [1,99]. The instances were
classified into four categories based on the ratio of set-up time to processing time, namely SDST10, SDST50, 
SDST100, and SDST125. The major setup times for these categories were randomly generated from uniform 
distributions spanning [1,9], [1,49], [1,99], and [1,124], respectively. The minor setup times for these categories
were randomly generated from uniform distributions spanning [1,5], [1,25], [1,50], and [1,75], respectively.

In terms of due dates, the instances are characterized by diverse distribution types, each denoted by a specific 
letter: U for a uniform distribution, E for an exponential distribution, and N for a normal distribution. 

Our instances can be organized into six datasets.

The first dataset consists of 15 instances, with 5 instances for each due date distribution. 
Each instance consists of 7 jobs and 5 machines, and the production lot of each job can be divided into no more than 3 sublots. 
This configuration is denoted as 7-3-5. The first dataset is utilized for exploring the value of stochastic information. 
The second dataset includes 60 instances with a configuration of 7-3-5. There are 20 instances in each distribution. 
It is utilized for sensitivity analysis.
Subsequently, the next four datasets are employed to validate the efficiency of the proposed algorithms.
Each dataset includes 30 instances, with 10 instances for each due date distribution. 
Their configurations are 5-3-5, 7-3-5, 10-3-5, and 12-3-8, respectively.

The instances are structured to sequentially present the processing times, followed by the setup times, 
and ultimately data related to due date distribution.

due dates:
normal distribution : mean, standard deviation
exponential distribution : mean
uniform distribution :left_bound right_bound


You can view the solution values for each dataset in the "Solution values" folder, and view the solution results in the "numerical result.xlsx" file